# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: November 5, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- {Isaac/Jay} called the meeting to order
- Permission to record meeting was given and meeting was recorded

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance 
   + https://groups.oasis-open.org/events/event-description?CalendarEventKey=03af048b-2011-491e-8f61-d3151ce1c975&CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27&Home=%2fevents%2fevent-description
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is > 5 of the 10 voting members
- Quorum {was/was not} reached with {?} voting members present.
- {?} members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- {?} members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- {?} Observer was present at the meeting
- {?} members lost voting rights at this meeting
   * Jay White
   * Gururaj Raman
   * Justin Murphy
- {?} members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting:

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | {Present/Absent} |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | {Present/Absent} |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | {Present/Absent} |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Alexander | Stein | NIST | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Avek | Kolech | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Christoph | Plutte | Ericsson | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Erez | Yalon | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Ian | Riopel | root.io | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Jason | Keirstead | Portal Cyber | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| John | Amaral | root.io | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Joe | Nicastro | Legit Security | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Mateusz | Zych | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Puspen | Chattopadhyay | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Steve | Springett | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Sue | Collins | NAPS | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |
| Vasileios | Mavroeidis | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | {Present/Absent} |

| **Observers** | | | |
| Sonny | van Lingen | Huawei PSIRT | Observer | {Present/Absent} |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* [PR #49](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/49) Oct-1 meeting minutes
* [PR #50](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/50) teapot diagram

### Open Action Items from last meeting

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to draft PR on 'flavors' (problem space) vs 'profiles' (reserved for solution space in our specs)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Isaac to draft PR to FAQ on 'claims/assertions' including 'multiple-file/transitive-assertions' 
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan to determine process to submit PWI to ISO
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to contribute teapot diagram to working contribution area
* Action Item: (**Pending**) All to consider whether to contribute individual comments to NIST on their Supply Chain Traceability document.

### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting. 
* [PR 51](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/51) on flavors 

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* Claims/SBOM definition discussion per https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/claim-based-sbom-definition
* license discussion per https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/licenses
* [PR 53 EoX](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/53) on whether to use OpenEoX TC for definitions. Counter arguments at https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/eox
* NIST Request for Comments on Supply Chain traceability per [email](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/nist-doc-open-for-public-comment-on-supply-chain-traceability)
   - Note NIST comment period ends 15-Nov for those interested in submitting comments
   - ran out of time to discuss appropriateness of NIST content to our work. Discussion to be continued via eamil, GitHub issues, and at future meetings.
* Entitiy Representation per [email](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/osim-rfi-entity-representation)
   - ran out of time. Discussion to be continued via eamil, GitHub issues, and at future meetings.
* SBOM vs SBOM+ Issues wrt defintions
   - ran out of time. Discussion to be continued via eamil, GitHub issues, and at future meetings.
   - discussion started last several meetings and related topics earlier in this meeting.
   - Issues [#28](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/28), [#29](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/29), [#30](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/30), and [#31](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/31)
   - Discussed - further discussion to take place via email/github-issues/subsequent meetings.
* Issue 30 
   - ran out of time. Discussion to be continued via eamil, GitHub issues, and at future meetings.
   - "document" vs "object", definition, etc per github thread 
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/30
* begin FAQ discussion by issue number
   - ran out of time. Discussion to be continued via eamil, GitHub issues, and at future meetings.
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues

## VII. New Business

Any other business? None

## VIII. Decisions reached

* 

## IX. Action Items

* 

## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday Dec 3 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn

