# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: October 1, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- [Isaac/Jay] call the meeting to order
- ask group permission to record meeting

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance 
   + https://groups.oasis-open.org/events/event-description?CalendarEventKey=03af048b-2011-491e-8f61-d3151ce1c975&CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27&Home=%2fevents%2fevent-description
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is >= 5 of the 10 voting members
- Quorum [was/was not] reached with [?] voting members present.
- No members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- No members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- 3 members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend this meeting.
   * Dave Kemp
   * Jon Ceanfaglione
   * Stefan Hagen

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | [Present/Absent] |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | [Present/Absent] |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | [Present/Absent] |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | Voting Member | [Present/Absent] |
| **Observers** | | | |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting

* [PR #36](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/36) addressing [Issue #11](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/11) to add OSIM Charter to GitHub. 

- [PR 37 3-Sep Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/37)

### Open Action Items from last meeting

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording

### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting. 
* 

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* SBOM vs SBOM+ Issues wrt defintions
   - discussion started last several meetings, continued this meeting
   - Issues [#28](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/28), [#29](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/29), [#30](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/30), and [#31](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/31)
   - Discussed - further discussion to take place via email/github-issues/subsequent meetings.
* Issue 30 
   - "document" vs "object", definition, etc per github thread 
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/30
   - ran out of time
* begin FAQ discussion by issue number
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues
   - ran out of time

## VII. New Business

Any other business?

## VIII. Decisions reached

*

## IX. Action Items



## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday Nov 5 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn

