# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: November 5, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- Jay and Isaac called the meeting to order
- Permission to record meeting was given and meeting was recorded

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance using [calendar for this meeting on OSIM TC home page](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27)
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is > 5 of the 10 voting Members
- Quorum was reached with 8 voting Members present.
- No Members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- No Members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- No Observers was present at the meeting
- 1 Member lost voting rights after this meeting
   * Justin Murphy
- 1 Member is at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting:
   * Jon Ceanfaglione 

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | Present |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Present |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | Present |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member | Absent |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member | Absent |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | Present |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | Present |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | Present |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Alexander | Stein | NIST | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Avek | Kolech | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Christoph | Plutte | Ericsson | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Erez | Yalon | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Ian | Riopel | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jason | Keirstead | Portal Cyber | non-voting Member | Absent |
| John | Amaral | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Joe | Nicastro | Legit Security | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Mateusz | Zych | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Puspen | Chattopadhyay | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Steve | Springett | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Sue | Collins | NAPS | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Vasileios | Mavroeidis | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |

| **Observers** | | | |
| Sonny | van Lingen | Huawei PSIRT | Observer | Absent |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* [PR #49](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/49) Oct-1 meeting minutes
* [PR #50](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/50) teapot diagram

### Open Action Items from last meeting

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Trying new menthod. Jay to investigate individually inviting Isaac and Duncan to Teams meeting and assigning them roles
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to draft PR on 'flavors' (problem space) vs 'profiles' (reserved for solution space in our specs)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Isaac to draft PR to FAQ on 'claims/assertions' including 'multiple-file/transitive-assertions' 
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan to determine process to submit PWI to ISO
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to contribute teapot diagram to working contribution area
* Action Item: (**Pending**) All to consider whether to contribute individual comments to NIST on their Supply Chain Traceability document. Comments due 15-Nov. Note this is a request for individuals to consider commenting if they have views on topic. It is not for OSIM TC to comment.

### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting. 
* [PR 51](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/51) on flavors 
The PR was discussed, accepted, and merged.

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* Claims/SBOM definition discussion per https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/claim-based-sbom-definition
   - There was agreement on topic. Isaac agreed to create FAQ PR as discussed, ideally soon so can be eballoted prior to next meeting
* license discussion per https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/licenses
   - Discussed and [PR 52](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/52) was approved and merged.
* [PR 53 EoX](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/53) on whether to use OpenEoX TC for definitions. Counter arguments at https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/eox.
   - Discussed. Consensus was to use OpenEoX. If Members desire additional "X" not covered (Eg "end of engineering"), they should take it up with OpenEoX. Consensus was we would not make our own indpendent standard for this. PR 53 was approved and merged.
* NIST Request for Comments on Supply Chain traceability per [email](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/nist-doc-open-for-public-comment-on-supply-chain-traceability)
   - Note NIST comment period ends 15-Nov for those interested in submitting comments. Note this is for Members who have comments. It is not for OSIM TC itself to comment.
   - However OSIM may decide to use the NIST document as reference material for OSIM work. That is still to be decided.
* Entity Representation per [email](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/osim-rfi-entity-representation)
   - This was discussed. There was consensus the deciding how we refer to the parties/actors/authors/software/... is an important topic and common to many standards. There was consensus that we should now invent our own standard in this area if we could avoid. Several standards were discussed:
      * CIQ = [Customer Information Quality TC](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/ciq/ciq.html) created xNAL, xNL, xAL, xCIL, xCRL to address this. STIX 1.0 included it. STIX 2.0/2.1 did not. The TC has been inactive of late.
      * UBL = [Universal Business Language](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=556949c8-dac8-40e6-bb16-018dc7ce54d6) was considered more narrow than CIQ by some Members, but still should be considered.
      * [LF Cyber Ontology](https://cyberdomainontology.org/)
      * [NIEMOpen](https://niemopen.org/)
      * [LegalXML](https://oasis.connectedcommunity.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=4bbf9c9f-bd29-4adb-afab-018dc7d3f220)
      * [CoSAI](https://www.coalitionforsecureai.org/)
   - Patrick Maroney took an Action Item to investigate further and report back via email list and/or GitHub Issue. Others are welcome to assist.
* SBOM vs SBOM+ Issues wrt defintions
   - discussion started last several meetings and related topics earlier in this meeting.
   - Issues [#28](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/28), [#29](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/29), [#30](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/30), and [#31](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/31)
   - It is presumed these will be OBE once Isaac's PR is agreed to.
   - Issue 30 was discussed in particular and consensus to close for now and reopen if necessary should it become a relevant issue. 
* begin FAQ discussion by issue number
   - ran out of time. Discussion to be continued via eamil, GitHub issues, and at future meetings.
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues

## VII. New Business

Any other business? 
- Members are encouraged to submit views on Entity Representation.
- Members are encouraged to review existing issues and submit comments +/or PR's
- Members are encouraged to submit new issues

## VIII. Decisions reached

* PR 51 approved and merged
* PR 52 approved and merged
* PR 53 approved and merged
* Issue 30 closed

## IX. Action Items

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Trying new menthod. Jay to investigate individually inviting Isaac and Duncan to Teams meeting and assigning them roles
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Isaac to draft PR to FAQ on 'claims/assertions' including 'multiple-file/transitive-assertions' 
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan (or anyone else, particularly if they know how) to determine process to submit PWI to ISO
* Action Item: (**Pending**) All to consider whether to contribute individual comments to NIST on their Supply Chain Traceability document. Comments due 15-Nov. Note this is a request for individuals to consider commenting if they have views on topic. It is not for OSIM TC to comment.
* Action Item: ((**Pending**) Patrick Maroney took an Action Item to investigate Entity Representation (ie the "naming" problem - how do we denote organizations, people, components, ...). See earlier in these notes. This is an important topic that all are welcome to contribute to.


## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday Dec 3 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn

