# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: August 6, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- meeting called to order
- Permission was asked and granted to record meeting
- Note that no meeting was held on July 2 due to email 'opt in' issue

## II. Record Attendance

- Remeber to record attendance
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/events/event-description?CalendarEventKey=c33980f6-fbaf-437d-bb70-be206950078d&CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27&Home=%2fhigherlogic%2focapi%2fadmin%2fevents%2fManageCalendarEvents%2fGetEventsForCalendar
   * rsvp first and the 'did you attend' will be clickable
- Quorum for meeting is >= 7 of the 13 voting members
- Quorum wasnot reached with 6 voting members present.
- No members received voting rights at this meeting.
- No members attended and will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- No members lost voting rights due to not attending this meeting.
- 7 members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend next meeting.
   * Bret Jordan
   * Gururaj Raman
   * Jade Stewart
   * Jon Kenny
   * Justin Murphy
   * Patrick Maroney
   * Stefan Hagen

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | Present |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | Voting Member | Absent |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Present |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | Absent |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member | Present |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | Voting Member | Absent |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member | Absent |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | Absent |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | Present |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | Absent |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting

- [PR 4 to create Meeting Minute Directory](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/4)

### Open Action Items from last meeting

* Action Item: (**DONE**) Kelly to send slides to list
   - https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/slides-from-first-meeting
* Action Item: (**DONE**) Duncan to submit OASIS form to obtain a TC Github repo
   - repo at https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim
* Action Item: (**DONE**) Duncan to enter next meeting in TC calendar
   - https://groups.oasis-open.org/events/event-description?CalendarEventKey=c33980f6-fbaf-437d-bb70-be206950078d&CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27&Home=%2fhigherlogic%2focapi%2fadmin%2fevents%2fManageCalendarEvents%2fGetEventsForCalendar
* Action Item: (**DONE**) Kelly to give Duncan, Isaac, Jay permission to enter TC calendar entries
* Action Item: (**DONE**) Dave Kemp to circulate text for discussion at next meeting on topic on process of information modeling
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/26 - for discussion in Agenda Item VI.
* Action Item: (**DONE**) Duncan to create Issue and submit PR to create subdirectory for Meeting Minutes
* Action Item: (**DONE**) Duncan to create Issue and submit PR to create subdirectory for Value Propositions and Practioner Use Cases
* Action Item: (**DONE**) Duncan to create Issue and submit PR to create subdirectory for FAQs (Stefan did)
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting. 
The meeting provisionally approved, but since quorum was not met, they will be sent for eballot

- [PR 33](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/33)
   * for [Issue 32](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/32) 
   * containing Meeting Minutes from 6-June meeting
- [PR 2](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/2) 
   * for [Issue 1](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/1) 
   * creating FAQ directory (as nominally agreed last meeting)
- [PR 8](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/8) 
   * for [Issue 7](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/7) 
   * creating Use Case directory (as nominally agreed last meeting)
- [PR 6](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/6) 
   * for [Issue 5](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/5) 
   * creating a "TC Ops" directoy (ie where to put documentation on our process)
- [PR 10](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/10) 
   * for [Issue 9](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/9) 
   * creating a "working" directory (ie a place to stick contributions and drafts)


## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* Process of information modeling
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/26
   - discussed and approved
* SBOM vs SBOM+ Issues wrt defintions
   - discussion started last meeting
   - Issues [#28](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/28), [#29](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/29), [#30](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/30), and [#31](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/31)
   - Discussed - further discussion to take place via email/github-issues/subsequent meetings.
* Issue 30 
   - "document" vs "object", definition, etc per giothub thread 
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/30
   - ran out of time
* begin FAQ discussion by issue number
   - https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues
   - ran out of time

## VII. New Business
Jay mentioned the [Coalition for Secure AI](https://www.coalitionforsecureai.org/) has started and has relevance to future OSIM work.

## VIII. Decisions reached

- Meeting provisionally agreed (but no quorum) to PR's 33,2,8,6,10,26

## IX. Action Items

- Email ballot on PR's 33,2,8,6,10,26 | Duncan Sparrell | Aug 15
- Draft meeting minutes by augmenting PR 34 and send for email ballot  | Duncan Sparrell | Aug 15
- keep 3 standing Action Items from Section IV open

## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday Sept 3 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn

- 
