# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: June 4, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order.
Permission was asked to record meeting and there were no objections.

## Record Attendance

- Quorum was reached with 13 of 13 voting members present.
- 13 members received voting rights at this meeting.
- No members are at risk of losing voting rights at next meeting.

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| *Voting Members* | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member | Chair |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member | Chair |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member | Convener, Secretary |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | Voting Member |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | Voting Member |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | Voting Member |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member |
| *OASIS Staff* | | | |
| Carol | Geyer | OASIS | OASIS Staff |
| Holly | Petersen | OASIS | OASIS Staff |
| Kelly | Cullinane | OASIS | OASIS Staff |
| *Observers| | | |
| Christoph | Plutte | Ericsson | Observer |

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed 0n the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda

- Roll Call
- Overview of Voting Rights
- Nomination & Election of Co-Chairs
- Nomination & Election of Secretary
- OASIS TC Process Overiew
- New Business
- Adjourn

## Meeting Notes

- Isaac Hepworth (Google) and Jay White (Microsoft) were elected co-chairs
- Duncan Sparrell was elected Secretary
- The slides from the OASIS TC Process Overview will be made avaialable to the mailing list.
 + Action Item: Kelly to send slides to list
- The meeting voted to obtain a TC Github repo.
 + Action Item: Duncan to submit OASIS form
+ The meeting agreed Isaac, Jay, Duncan, and Stefan would be maintainers
- The meeting agreed to work async between monthly meetings by:
   + Members would create GitHub Issues
   + Members would comment on GitHub
   + Members would prepare GitHub Pull Request (PR)
* and then send email to list with link making motion to accept PR
* someone else seconds
* If no comments/changes/objections for one week, maintainers would merge PR
- The meeting agreed to meet monthly on first Tuesday of the month at 1PM Eastern (10:00 Pacific, 18:00 UTC 19:00 CET)
+ Action Item: Duncan to enter in TC calendar
+ Action Item: Kelly to give Duncan, Isaac, Jay permission to enter TC calendar entries
- Homework for next meeting:
+ Action Item: Dave Kemp to circulate text for discussion at next meeting on topic on process of information modeling
+ Action Item: Duncan to create Issue and submit PR to create subdirectory for Meeting Minutes
+ Action Item: Duncan to create Issue and submit PR to create subdirectory for Value Propositions and Practioner Use Cases
+ Action Item: Duncan to create Issue and submit PR to create subdirectory for FAQs
* Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
+ Action Item: Everyone to reread TC Charter
* https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
+ Action Item: Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned

