# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: April 1, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- Jay called the meeting to order
- the meeting was not recorded due to technical difficulties

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance using [calendar for this meeting on OSIM TC home page](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27)
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is > 5 of the 8? voting Members
   * did any of the following lose voting rights by missing March-4 meeting?
      * Jay White
      * Jon Ceanfaglione
      * Patrick Maroney
      * Robert Martin
- Quorum was [NOT] reached with ? voting Members present.
- No Members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- No Members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- No Observers was present at the meeting
- No Member lost voting rights after this meeting:
- ? Members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting
   *

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | Absent |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | Absent |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | Present |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member | Absent |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | Absent |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | Absent |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | Absent |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Alexander | Stein | NIST | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Avek | Kolech | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Christoph | Plutte | Ericsson | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Erez | Yalon | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | Absent |
| Ian | Riopel | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jason | Keirstead | Portal Cyber | non-voting Member | Absent |
| John | Amaral | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Joe | Nicastro | Legit Security | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Mateusz | Zych | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Puspen | Chattopadhyay | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Steve | Springett | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Sue | Collins | NAPS | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Vasileios | Mavroeidis | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| **Observers** | | | |
| Sonny | van Lingen | Huawei PSIRT | Observer | Absent |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* none 

### Action Items from last meeting

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   - - Jay is working on this
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan (or anyone else, particularly if they know how since Duncan doesn't) to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. Discussed. OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to contribute his IM layers graphic, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aVvlIHd8POlX6yVdo-X-60Y_Z0R089sAOyMrIWwTyMI/edit#slide=id.g2eead7994fd_0_0, as answer to an FAQ so other FAQs could reference it
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#14](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/14) 


### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting, but will be discussed under discussion items. 
* [supply chain use cases](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/75) (PR #75)
* [supply chain use case 1 - Pre-deployment CVE vulnerabilities](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/76) (PR #76)

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* OSIM talk at Cybersecurity Automation Village
PR 75 - adding a new directory for broader supply chain usecases
* Principle of adopting CISA SBOM Working Group Use Cases
* PR 76 - Pre-deployment CVE vulnerabilities Use case
* meeting setup and video archive availability
    - discussion deferred until next meeting
* Isaac's new [proposed supply chain definition](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) (PR #70).
    - Action Item for Isaac to rework PR70 wrt firmware and "hardware with sw in it". Ie in our context we are considering the broad definition of software and don't want loopholes to be exempt using the 'firmware is not software' argument. Goal is to approve via email prior to next meeting. We couldn't approve today anyway since not quorate.
* Isaac's [proposed value articulation of supply chain modeling](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71) to various stakeholders, addressing [Issue #13](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/13) (PR #71)
    - discussed. General agreement. Action item for group to review with respect to the two new CISA docs before final approval (which we couldn't give today anyway since not quorate). Goal is to approve via email prior to next meeting.
* Patrick's [update on entity representation models](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575) furthering [Issue #47](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47)
    - deferred until next meeting

* Duncan's [email on QBQ](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/feedback-request-on-qbq)
    - discussed. Action Item for members to 'play the game' and provide feedback 


## VII. New Business

Any other business? 
- Members are encouraged to review existing issues and submit comments +/or PR's
- Members are encouraged to submit new issues

## VIII. Decisions reached

None (quorum not achieved)

## IX. Action Items

* Action Item (**Pending**): Duncan to figure out how to update official roster voting rights
* Action Item (**Pending**): Isaac to update PR on Jan meeting notes and send for email seconding/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   - - Jay is working on this
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan (or anyone else, particularly if they know how since Duncan doesn't) to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. Discussed. OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to contribute his IM layers graphic, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aVvlIHd8POlX6yVdo-X-60Y_Z0R089sAOyMrIWwTyMI/edit#slide=id.g2eead7994fd_0_0, as answer to an FAQ so other FAQs could reference it
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#14](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/14) 
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Isaac to edit PR70 on new [proposed supply chain definition](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) and send for email second/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Group to review the [two new CISA docs](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/cisa-sbom-working-group-output-as-topic-for-discussion)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Group to review whether to participate in [Cybersecurity Automation Village](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/cybersecurity-automation-village-as-topic-for-discussion). Goal is to decide via email prior to next meeting (Note Village is April 1-3)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Group to play [QBQ](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/feedback-request-on-qbq) and provide feedback

## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday March 4 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn