# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: May 6, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- Jay/Isaac called the meeting to order
- permission was given and the meeting was recorded

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance using [calendar for this meeting on OSIM TC home page](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27)
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is >= 4 of the 7 voting Members
- Quorum [WAS or was NOT] reached with ? voting Members present.
- No Members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- No Members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- No Observers was present at the meeting
- ? Members lost voting rights for failing to attend this and last meeting
   - at risk of losing voting rights if aren't here
   * Issac Hepworth
   * Patrick Maroney
   * Stefan Hagen
- ? Members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting


### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | Present/Absent |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | Present/Absent |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | Present/Absent |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Present/Absent |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | Present/Absent |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | Present/Absent |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | Present/Absent |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |

| **Observers** | | | |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* [PR#78](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/78) March Meeting Notes
* [PR#77](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/77) April Meeting Notes
* [PR#70](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) supply chain definition
* [PR#75](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/75) supply chain use cases
* [PR#76](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/76) supply chain use case 1
* [PR#79](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/79) supply chain use case 2
* [PR#80](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/80) supply chain use case 3

### Action Items from last meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   
   - Jay is working. He has the recordings on his account. Next step is to make them accessible.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Open to anyone willing to work this item: to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. 
   - Discussed. 
   - OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. 
   - More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Done**)  PR70 supply chain definition
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to create March meeting notes from Jay notes and submit via eballot
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to draft April meeting notes (these) and submit via eballot
* Action Item:  (**Done**) Duncan to update use cases to show attribution to CISA document as starting point

### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
* [PR#81](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/81) supply chain use case 4 - EoL
* [PR#82](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/82) supply chain use case 5 - Pre-purchase risk
* [PR#83](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/83) supply chain use case 6 - Component usage
* [PR#84](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/84) supply chain use case 7 - Incident response
* [PR#85](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/85) supply chain use case 8 - Investment risk
* [PR#86](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/86) supply chain use case 9 - Verify accessory software
* [PR#87](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/87) supply chain use case 10 - Component changes
* [PR#88](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/88) supply chain use case 11 - GRC
* [PR#89](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/89) supply chain use case 12 - OT
* [PR#90](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/90) supply chain use case 13 - Field Servicing


## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* [PR#71](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71) roles / value articulation
    - 
* meeting setup and video archive availability
    - 
[Issue #13](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/13) (PR #71)
    - discussed. General agreement. Goal is to approve via email prior to next meeting.
* Patrick's [update on entity representation models](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575) furthering [Issue #47](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47)
    - deferred until next meeting


## VII. New Business

Any other business? 
- Members are encouraged to review existing issues and submit comments +/or PR's
- Members are encouraged to submit new issues

## VIII. Decisions reached

* 

## IX. Action Items

* Action Item (**Done**): Duncan to figure out how to update official roster voting rights
* Action Item (**Done**): Isaac to update PR on Jan meeting notes and send for email seconding/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   
   - Jay is working. He has the recordings on his account. Next step is to make them accessible.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Open to anyone willing to work this item: to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. 
   - Discussed. 
   - OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. 
   - More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Isaac to edit PR70 on new [proposed supply chain definition](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) and send for email second/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan to create March meeting notes from Jay notes and submit via eballot
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan to draft April meeting notes (these) and submit via eballot
* Action Item:  (**Pending**) Duncan to update use cases to show attribution to CISA document as starting point

## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday June 3 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn